Product Management System Table of Contents Installation Instructions
Application Overview Assumptions and Important Decisions Installation
Instructions Prerequisites Python 3.x Flask Flask-CORS Step-by-Step
Installation Clone the repository:

git clone \<repository_url\> cd \<repository_directory\> Create a
virtual environment (optional but recommended):

python -m venv venv source venv/bin/activate \# On Windows, use
\`venv\\Scripts\\activate\` Install dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt Run the Flask application:

python app.py Open the application: Open your web browser and navigate
to http://localhost:5000.

Application Overview How the Application Works The Product Management
System is a web application that allows users to search, view, and
paginate through a list of products. It consists of a frontend built
with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and a backend built with Python and
Flask.

Frontend HTML: Provides the structure of the web page. CSS: Styles the
web page. JavaScript: Handles dynamic interactions and functionalities,
such as fetching data, rendering products, managing pagination, and
handling the search functionality. Backend Flask: Serves the web pages
and provides API endpoints for fetching product data. Flask-CORS: Allows
cross-origin requests to the API. Key Functionalities Product Listing:
Displays a list of products in a table format. Search: Allows users to
search products by title. Pagination: Users can navigate through pages
of products. Gallery View: Users can view additional images of products.
Modal Image View: Clicking on an image opens it in a modal for a larger
view. Assumptions and Important Decisions Assumptions Product Data: The
product data is fetched from an external source or database, simulated
by the fetch_products function. Pagination: Each page displays a fixed
number of products (5 products per page). Search Query: The search
functionality filters products by their title. Important Decisions
Separation of Concerns: The project separates the frontend and backend
logic, making it easier to manage and scale. Modular Code: The
JavaScript functions are modular to ensure code reusability and
maintainability. User Experience: Implemented features like loaders,
modals, and gallery views to enhance user experience. Error Handling:
Basic error handling is implemented to manage scenarios where no
products are found or network issues occur. By following these
instructions and understanding the structure, you should be able to set
up and run the Product Management System effectively. If you encounter
any issues, ensure all dependencies are correctly installed and the
project directory structure is maintained as described.
